and just more raw damage on that Lane so
definitely that's what the cove enables
they want this to be two and four
fanatic well nor was up hauck i was up i
mean i could have exactly that i've done
that in fact fanatic couldn't no lock
down from kinetic just yet you have the
eyeless apologize but they usually don't
need it yeah it's true and also you can
see the valley here let's take a look at
those dragon timers various takes a very
long time for the Wolves usually get
this one for hats awareness an average
of sort he's going in castro down yes
the flash away from his reign over gets
on the run the teleport comes in from
hunie the axes are flying they've
targeted out air wax let's see if they
can take him down from another teleport
flashing on in look at was born wild
growth on the Olaf and he should be able
to secure first blood there it goes
still running through feminine providing
extra fire double kill for right over
viola is going wild Ragnarok n roll and
unlimited goes down as the rest of
phonetic collapse around rate over
finally falls and this is why Guney is
the carrier fanatic ified breaks loose
initiated by the company in the middle
lane goodbye
hunie arise witness teleport before
young book even starts channeling his
heat that way but it'll just help a
fanatic secure this one up first dragon
first blood eventually we know we will
show up and shadow that Lane and now
they're looking for a dive on the
buffing it seems your camera there we go
unlimited very low rate / running on
through you can't stop him what he's
Ragnarok in and freeze trying to jump
back feels to stay alive longer reign
over Hamas the last hour shot but he
doesn't go down to me now strong at your
complex fellow okay maybe not oh well
growth force the sword and jumps on in
whimsy to get away evil plague doesn't
do enough damage but sauron closing the
gap he's under tower rain slowed by the
clear lands with the other shut no mrs.
Hootie Hootie Hootie Hoonie who's Ed
Mets to escape right there the code
stop by the binding but match what h2k
was able to do earlier young looks a
fine tuning in this pressure they own
this map look at the words they've got
him all over the jungle of copenhagen
wolves now i love i love the triple pink
ward line up for me oh god you willing
going to see no much space I'll picks
one he's gonna get out of this nope yeah
yes velcro Oh
calculated mooney Potter the Boy Who
Lived look at those glass like one more
deep in the red jungle to one tower
going down here copenhagen both the back
against the law Eric's going hi feven
been targeted by erics westin turn his
attention over to reign over who's
Ragnar rocking and then he won't play
comes out his young buck joins the fray
but yellow star stops him up for just a
minute he's legless I'm even he's going
to go down without getting the kill the
kale storm comes out now Soren hair wax
unlimited fries all on the run the ace
in the hole looks like it was spent that
was wrong about that one but air wax
going low they get reaction even if they
move out they're gonna be spotted by
words all over the map and your site may
well met them the same they do win this
one Anna in a row 8 and 0 well on the
way to the biggest win streak yeah and
record nine that fanatic of 2013 with
sprinkles that one here we go I want to
replicate that as we start to see them
chasing down fries he's knocked over and
taken down Hootie on the chase looks for
soarin earwax comes around the side well
broke on hunie to get a little CC action
in there and fanatic are running wild
all over these wolves earwax all they
can do to try and get away meanwhile
Soren brain / chunks him down throws the
axe into his back and now
Buck has to fool away they've lost two
members they've lost some flashes hang
around the side air wax is looking to
make a massive gap closer this would be
a barren Sylvia is no way now to do
Orias parallel convergence comes down
the polymorph comes in booyah mrs. o yo
boy every box is in the pit this could
happen bagless a rather rain over shut
down but he has to jump over air wax
looks to take down Hootie the Baron
fight about a mistake as they took a
little bit too much time going over to
air max Fabian meanwhile is still able
to clean up two of his own that could
have been a lot worse air box jumps in
and reckless plays the heck oh I if
you're wondering what's happened or what
happened there alright yellow so is
looking for the WQ combo he thought he
would all in the wolves they're gonna
pop on the hunt and they're gonna go
back there is on the hunt there they
turn their attention going it is going
to be the one young buck as well sure to
follow he's able to execute his ultimate
but that is at a grievous cost has now
sword being chased out who he will pick
Tampa who says Lulu can't carry I'm
trying to flank but they know where he
is I thought I gotta make the same is
there there we go air max can't get
involved a cam storms down Eric's is
just burning away he's gonna jump back
rewind time can't make that out playoff
evidence
knocks it down and this Baron will be an
easy cleanup whore fanatic fanatics
fantastic shop calling too because you
don't see that you don't know who's
making these oh oh good lord this is not
your Barrett that's not your dragon
copenhagen wolves looking to close this
one out nice and early it's the whole
flock wave there's hunie gonna be
pushing in the mid air walk set the deal
with it now if I can unfreeze raise
unlimited fine yellow card Ekans he's
gone been with the godlike he'll 70 and
five Mooney now look at they can play on
to air wax who's forced a flash away
just to try and stay alive here rain
over and hoodie with the wild growth on
the chase the help fix and the Glitter
Lance who he picks him up and now this
looks like the end game for fanatic is
the black suit goes down but femina says
nope I'm hunted 20 in one second might
be just again reckless chases fear we
going back there's a chaos storm its go
follow young buck on the fountain and
it's going to take him down it's
reckless who gets the boomerang played
to finish the job meanwhile Nexus turret
fire down feminine manages to barely
stay alive before being taken up my
fries but that is not even going to
matter 30 minutes into the game and
fanatic take themselves on 8 and 0 start
dials the way League of Legends should
be played in my opinion although fanatic
they were kind of pinned down early I
feel if they got into the same situation
against a better team with a similar
drop I feel that was a potential opening
it's really really hard to say that you
know and that's nitpicking if but I had
you having you got it at this point
where the team is this good you have to
find what little there is to criticize
and one of them a couple mistakes and
that really good i wont to CT